update: explicit JBR recommendation (#446)
JetBrains/kotlin-multiplatform-dev-docs: topics/quickstart.md

1. Select **File** | **New** | **Project** in the main menu.
2. Choose **Kotlin Multiplatform** in the list on the left.
3. Set the name, location, and other base attributes of the project as needed.
4. We recommend selecting a version of [JetBrains Runtime](https://github.com/JetBrains/JetBrainsRuntime)

>    as the JDK for your project as it improves the performance and compatibility of KMP projects. [TODO: does it?]

Reviewer: JBR provides a number of compatibility fixes for UI applications on desktop.
I'd omit performance here, as I'm unsure there are any changes that are both significant and not upstreamed to OpenJDK.

      as soon as you alter corresponding code.
      Even if you're not planning on making desktop apps, you may want to use the desktop version to speed up
      writing UI code.
5. When the project is generated, we recommend making sure that it runs on [JetBrains Runtime](https://github.com/JetBrains/JetBrainsRuntime),

>    a JDK that improves the performance and compatibility of KMP projects. [TODO: does it?]

Author: Yep, forgot there was a separate AS point for a minute there.

Common issues with Java:

* Some tools may not find a Java version to run or use a wrong version.
  To solve this:
    * Set the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable to the directory where the appropriate JDK is installed.
  
      > We recommend using [JetBrains Runtime](https://github.com/JetBrains/JetBrainsRuntime),
      > an OpenJDK fork that supports class redefinition.
      >
      {style="note"}
  
    * Append the path to the `bin` folder inside your `JAVA_HOME` to the `PATH` variable,
      so that the tools included in JDK are available in the terminal.
* If you encounter issues with Gradle JDK in Android Studio, make sure it's configured correctly:
  select **Settings** | **Build, Execution, Deployment** | **Build Tools** | **Gradle**.

### Android tools

> Same as for JDK, if you have trouble launching Android tools like `adb`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Same as for JDK, if you encounter issues launching Android tools like `adb`,
```
